Cli 1.6 docs follow-up (#1289)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-worker-queue-delete.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment worker-queue delete"
title: "astro deployment worker-queue delete"
id: astro-deployment-worker-queue-delete
description: Reference documentation for astro deployment worker-queue delete.
---

> Update the settings for an existing [worker queue](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete an existing [worker queue](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues) in a Deployment on Astro. This is functionally identical to deleting a worker queue in the Cloud UI.
```

Author: I'm not sure we can claim that this is functionally identical. The `--force` flag has no equivalent on the Cloud UI yet

> Update the settings for an existing [worker queue](../configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues).

Author: ```suggestion
Update the settings for an existing [worker queue](configure-deployment-resources.md#worker-queues).
```

## Usage

```sh
astro deployment worker-queue delete
```

## Options

| Option                         | Description                                                                            | Possible Values                                                                |
| ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `-d`,`--deployment-id`           |      The ID of the Deployment whose worker queue you want to delete                           | Any valid Deployment ID |
| `--deployment-name` | The name of the Deployment whose worker queue you want to delete. Use as an alternative to `<deployment-id>` | Any valid Deployment name                                            |
| `-f` `--force` | Skip prompting the user to confirm the deletion | `` |
| `-n`,`--name`    | The name of the worker queue to delete     |Any string |

> 

Reviewer: Add section on related commands
